docs: fair use (#27580)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/content/guides/platform/billing-faq.mdx

#### What will happen when I exceed the Pro plan quota and have the spend cap on?

You will be notified when you exceed your Pro plan quota. To unblock yourself, you can toggle off your spend cap in your [organization’s billing settings](https://supabase.com/dashboard/org/_/billing) to pay for over-usage beyond the Pro plans limits. If you continue to exceed the limits without reducing your usage or turning off the spend cap, restrictions will apply. Learn more about restrictions in the [Fair Use Policy](#fair-use-policy) section.

#### How do I scale beyond the limits of my Pro plan?

The Pro plan has a spend cap enabled by default to keep costs under control. If you want to scale beyond the plans included quota, switch off the spend cap to pay for additional usage beyond the plans included limits. You can toggle the spend cap in the [organization's billing settings](https://supabase.com/dashboard/org/_/billing). Read more about the [spend cap](https://supabase.com/docs/guides/platform/spend-cap).

> ## Fair Use Policy

Author: Capitalizing this as a proper noun?

#### What is the Fair Use Policy?

> Our goal is to be as accommodating as possible without placing an excessive strain on our infrastructure. Service restrictions may be applied to your organization to enforce Fair Use in the following cases:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our Fair Use Policy gives developers the freedom to build and experiment with Supabase, while protecting our infrastructure. Under the Fair Use policy, service restrictions may apply to your organization if:
```

> - When you continue to exceed the free plan quota
> - When you continue to exceed the Pro plan quota and have the spend cap enabled
> - When you have overdue invoices
> - When you have an expired credit card

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You continually exceed the free plan quota
- You continually exceed Pro plan quota and have the spend cap enabled
- You have overdue invoices
- You have an expired credit card
```

> You will receive a notification before Fair Use Policy are applied. However, in some cases, like suspected abuse of our services, restrictions may be applied without prior notice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will receive a notification before Fair Use Policy restrictions are applied. However, in some cases, like suspected abuse of our services, restrictions may be applied without prior notice.
```

> #### How is Fair Use Policy applied?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### How is the Fair Use Policy applied?
```

> Fair Use Policy are applied through service restrictions. This could mean:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Fair Use Policy is applied through service restrictions. This could mean:
```

- Pausing projects
- Switching databases to read-only mode
- Disabling new project launches/transfers
- Responding with a 402 status code for all API requests

> Fair Use Policy is generally applied to all projects of the organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Fair Use Policy is generally applied to all projects of the restricted organization.
```

> #### How to remove restrictions applied from Fair Use Policy?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### How can I remove restrictions applied from the Fair Use Policy?
```
